Add news message about spectator contest. (#16)
WISVCH/nwerc-2023: content/news/spectator-announcement.md

---

> title: Spectator Contest
> tags: [ 'nwerc 2023' ]
> ---
> 
> There will be a spectator contest this year again. The contest will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Online Spectator Contest
tags: [ 'nwerc 2023' ]
---

There will be an online spectator contest again this year. The contest will
```
Just to clarify extra that it is not on-site :stuck_out_tongue:
